Improve Config Reference docs (#42)
DefinedNet/nebula-docs: docs/config/relay.mdx

## relay.relays

> `relays` are a list of Nebula IP’s that peers can use to relay packets to me. IPs in this list must have am_relay set to true in their configs, otherwise they will reject relay requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`relays` are a list of Nebula IPs that peers can use to relay packets to the host. IPs in this list must have `am_relay` set to `true` in their configs, otherwise they will reject relay requests.
```
